I've been in computer science since nineteen seventy one in computer science
has changed tremendously in that when I took my first course
in so I structure on how to use for training for program one of Seymour
craze for supercomputers the CDC sixty five hundred and that was
wonderful and exciting work it turned out it was really good at it
sold my professor who talk to me one day about what I had in mind for
profession and I told him I really would like to state in computers
and he told me all day and this is remember nineteen seventy one you
you won't be able to make any money in computers because soon there
will only be two or three big computers in this nation state probably
at big universities like one of cal tech and wanted in my tea in
one of the university of Illinois and everybody would use those computers
and their old feel very few imputed programmers doing all the
program so I did not pursue it because I didn't think it was a growing
field from what he told me and I think he was giving me good honest
advice but it was certainly wrong because of course now everybody
in his own goal has a computer not only on his desk but sometimes
on his wrist watch and half the people playing with it do a little
programming one kind or another so that's why change it's just huge
compared to what we thought it would be in nineteen seventy one